Balls of der Park,
Portland, Preten.
Dear Us, Zvati :-
I received a letter from Hr. Thelastmer yesterday in which hy steres
that the Host ammount for the haralle used by the Bells of New York is th an wisettled
conditions, and that he has been unable to obtain the weekly atatarint from the. I en
get apprised at this, as itr. Hart unterstandy thet raulttuneds are not to be made direct
to bis, as the printing he is doing for the Bells of New York is to apply on his account
for the programme privilege ut the Baker Theatre, Rochester. I would therefore suggest
that we pay for the the same as we did in the Stranger in New York heralda a for sen-
sons ago. the entire amount in $285.00 md I have suggested to Abo that $74.80 be
charged him for twenty consecutive weare starting the week after this Letter is received,
waking the check paysale to J. J. Shubert, and send it Bach work over to the Bakery Theatre
or direct to this of Miest in this way the entire credit of $885,00 will be given the
Baker Theatre at the expiration of the twenty wasks, and the herelos will have been paid
Por. I hope this is entirely plain to you and that you will have no trouble in spreading
the matter satisfanterity without conglionting your statement.
end of the engagement.
Mrs. Zweifel Waste in for seats for the Saturday matinee at this theatre, and
I sent them to her today, so I imagine als is coming over to see Andrer Kask before I-
I hope you are having a pleasant trip, and that you will write povasionally.
I received the criticar's of the various towns, and an keeping a scrap book of then berg.
Tones very truly,
Belle of New York,
Denver, Col.
Deur Aba :-
I received your favor of the 27th, and have written to Kr. Hart Instructing
him that he must be more careful in making your shipments, and also requesting him to
tie the packages, more securely in the future.
In regard to the statement, I think it would be a good idea to make payments
as we did with the Stranger in New York heralds a few seasons ago, as the remittances
for this printing must not be made dirget to Hart, but to J. J. Shubert, Baker Thentra,
Rochester, or direct to this office instead, as Mr. Hart is not to have this money but
it is to be paid to the Baker, and applied on his programme account. I would suggest
with starting next week, or rather the week after this Letter is received, that you
charge $14.85 per week for the use of heralda for tresty consecutive weeks, which would
suske a total of $85.00 for the one hundred thousand edition we have ordered. Ry charging
this amount weekly it would simplify the nebount and at the end of the twenty books, the
haralda would be paid for, and the Taker Theatre would have the $888.00 which has been
excited In. Hart's account.
Elgang while He upon receipt of this letter, stating whether or not the wall
I